This trusset of the shrine is generally the same. Basically, there are not many differences.
So you can set up the shrine, such as like this. I mean, this trusset of the shrine.
The shrine, and F, it suits with your situation, or it allows by the circumstances, that trusset of
the shrine, when you practice it.
Then F, it not suits with your circumstances, such as family members, and so forth.
But then you don't have to struggle with that to set up the shrine. And then we have to set the
shrine in the heart.
It's because this shrine is symbolic, but the real shrine is in our heart. That is what.
And that shrine is what is that shrine. That is your love, your devotion to the Buddha, Dharma, San
gha.
The unparalleled devotion and the confidence and the trust to the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, that is
the ultimate real shrine.
With that shrine, then we have the opportunity to set up the shrine. This is good because it is
symbolic.
It will reflect that beauty of your nature, beauty of connection is that. It will remind you that.
Also to set up the shrine, it will also need some duty effort to set up this shrine, if you have
the opportunity.
To set up the shrine nice and beautiful, you need joyful effort. Joyful effort is what you all know
. It will stop the laziness.
It will say, it will say, be quite laziness. You laziness have been so long with me. And now I
recognize your value and your consequence.
So I'm not going to listen to you, to you lazy. Lazy, that isn't what the lady means. So it will
inspire.
It's a symbol of your joyful effort, courage and commitment, that how you really do that. Even
though it looks in one way small, but it represents something special.
It's a joyful effort. And then you already have that absolute shrine in your heart. Heart then is
reflected. It's a beautiful mirror image.
So set up the shrine is very beautiful and special. Every circumstance has a set. Set that of a
loss or something.
That means when you set up the shrine, you're not going to feel upset and you're not going to make
upset others because you know the Buddha teaching is to make happy, peaceful to everyone.
Not just overpowering, crushing the others or disrespectful. We have to keep everyone happy and joy
and peace.
And the same time we didn't lost our principle. That is the one. We shouldn't have lost our
principle. Keep in the heart.
In practice. Practice means actually in the heart. That is we have to bloom open from there.
So therefore nobody will know your love and joy and practice and to do the Buddha dharmasanga by
others, it won't even bother too much to others.
We behave nicely, respectful, joy. Everybody will love that. So then it is not really you making
joy and peace, creating the nice things around. It's nice. It's good.
So therefore set up the shrine. Have you had the opportunity? If not, have you set up the shrines,
particularly with these practices, then you should have the pucho of the channels or tanga of the
channels.
All the statues, all of those, it's good because that which you are practicing, but at the same
time represent great compassion.
So it is symbolize your beautiful compassion. And therefore that is the pucho of all the tangas on
the shrine.
And then when you put up the shrine, those always in the teaching said, when you set up the shrine,
you have to put beautiful display, beautiful, nice, as much as you can.
Can it's nice, soothing, calming. For example, somebody sees that or look to that. We need to see
this. It's how nice, how beautiful it is. It's appealing.
It's soothing, calming. That is what we should do. It's not just to put everything on the shrine.
Everything is this. It's not just to become your small table of the collection.
A legend that peace and peace and peace, all that put up on the shrine, shrine and that. And then
maybe it's something you're going to think, I'm going to go to the art cells.
Something that really looks nice. Always you feel happy, how beautiful. When I sit down in front of
it, I feel calm, peace and joy, relaxed.
Something like that. That's something to connect you to the Buddha Dharma Sangha.
And nicely, even if you have so many things, you don't have to put everything you can. It's
something nice and beautiful, soothing, clean, not too crowded and young as like New York City,
tough and lighter or in a traffic jam.
Not just always like in India, in the street. So many crowded, but you don't need that. You have to
calm, clean, nice. That's what we need.
In front of that, then always in the teaching said, then you have the opportunity again, if you
have those seven bowls as great symbols, if not, then always in the teaching said, light, incense
and flowers.
Those are three, three, light, incense and flowers. And then of course, when you put light, you
have to again, think carefully about this. So many fire those goals and as well as also incense too
.
So you have to be more kind of practical and also nice. So it's not just become also nice, nice
things.
So beautiful, this really nice soothing. Put that on the show. And so that is generally about the
show.